Add instructions on compiling extension to readme (#199)
godotengine/godot-vscode-plugin: README.md

See the [full changelog](https://github.com/GodotExplorer/godot-tools/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md)
for the latest changes.

### Building from source

> *Requirements*

Reviewer: Use a Markdown heading:

```suggestion
#### Requirements
```

> - [NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/get-npm)

Reviewer: The official casing for npm is all-lowercase:

```suggestion
- [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/get-npm)
```

- Typescript to compile, installed using NPM with `npm install -g typescript`
- VSCE to create a VSIX file, installed using NPM with `npm install -g vsce`

> *Process*

Reviewer: Use a Markdown heading:

```suggestion
#### Process
```

> 1. Open a command prompt/terminal and browse to the location of this repo on your local filesystem

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open a command prompt/terminal and browse to the location of this repository on your local filesystem.
```

> 2. Download dependencies by using the command `NPM install`

Reviewer: Commands are case-sensitive on macOS/Linux, so beware :slightly_smiling_face: 

```suggestion
2. Download dependencies using the command `npm install`.
```

> 3. When done, package a VSIX file by using the command `vsce package`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. When done, package a VSIX file by using the command `vsce package`.
```

> 4. Install it by opening Visual Studio Code, opening the Extensions tab, clicking on the More actions _..._ button in the top right, and choose _Install from VSIX..._ and find the compiled VSIX file.

Reviewer: Use bold for menu actions, like we do in the Godot documentation:

```suggestion
4. Install it by opening Visual Studio Code, opening the Extensions tab, clicking on the More actions (**...**) button in the top right, and choose **Install from VSIX...** and find the compiled VSIX file.
```

> If developing for the extension, you can open this project in Visual Studio Code and debug the extension by using the _Run Extension_ launch configuration instead of going through step 3 and 4. It will launch a new instance of VSCode that has the extension running. You can then open a Godot project folder and debug the extension or GDScript debugger.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When developing the extension, you can open this project in Visual Studio Code and debug the extension by using the **Run Extension** launch configuration instead of going through steps 3 and 4. It will launch a new instance of Visual Studio Code that has the extension running. You can then open a Godot project folder and debug the extension or GDScript debugger.
```
